m
very good people I'm here with a gift
very special and I mean very special
why
It was some things that I said to my boyfriend
that I would like very much to have and
the hair disappeared from the web
everything that the flight next to the page
rockstar web and good has been for the
anniversary and has arrived at the house of
again this one says take for you and the
ten less I wanted it what it was
seeing I was seeing eight pieces of equipment that
had disappeared from the website it looks
who stayed with the couplet and I get in
I save it and it has been presented
and with them has been presented with a
dollar freshener that still smells of
wonders that I would put my nose to the
bag because the bag where everything came
it smells I love it smells really good
dollar
Then there was also a truck keychain
that now I will show you the little light
it comes and it also said
the shirt of the high size led
that you see that when he asked for it he has
said he wanted to put a m but he looks
that the machine ignored him
computer we do not live them disorderly
so he told me that it was with the other
they made us from their partner whatever
and he went crazy and asked for an ele with
which will come a little big to us
two but good and then here the stuffed animal
from chopin well done that I love the
they tell him that it stayed with
the purchase and has been presented I love
it's like collectible object is watching
On the pages, go back with a person
have it and there is only one uncle in
that we sell it and I have not seen
nobody else who has it seems to me very
strange
that today being a thing of f5 so ball
so quickly nobody nobody has
had I would love to get to see
under the light
and it has a zipper it 's like a
secret pocket to store things
inside the stuffed animal
the legs of jean very cute
try lucchetti
It does not look much like the video game
as I am seeing it but it is that I
love
there you can see what it says above
and is not it a collector for
that I said in the unboxing of Sweden 5 that
I think the edition is a bit scarce
and do not keep the time and said I'll
make the best edition and well that 's
what he gave me, I'm going to turn off the
lights in a little while and I show you the
good flashlight we are here with the
lights off at night no other but
good
let's see anyone
what I need
to these pretty mines
because this stage
has to give light and nando when I have
seen and strollers I have a very mode
bad
good people just peña marín already like
smell
well this is what he has given me
I hope you liked the video so much
like me the stuffed animal I try and speak
in the next up to the view people